Attribute Name                        ir1100  ir1800  ir800   
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
dummyValueForBaseConfigMgmtConfigSectionyes     yes     yes     
baseconfiguration_managementconfigurationyes     yes     yes     
organization                          yes     yes     yes     
fndRegistrationIp                     yes     yes     yes     
fndRegistrationPort                   yes     yes     yes     
fndSnmpPort                           yes     yes     yes     
busId                                 yes     yes     yes     
boolProperty1                         yes     yes     yes     
boolProperty2                         yes     yes     yes     
boolProperty3                         yes     yes     yes     
boolProperty4                         yes     yes     yes     
boolProperty5                         yes     yes     yes     
boolProperty6                         yes     yes     yes     
boolProperty7                         yes     yes     yes     
boolProperty8                         yes     yes     yes     
boolProperty9                         yes     yes     yes     
boolProperty10                        yes     yes     yes     
numProperty1                          yes     yes     yes     
numProperty2                          yes     yes     yes     
numProperty3                          yes     yes     yes     
numProperty4                          yes     yes     yes     
numProperty5                          yes     yes     yes     
strProperty1                          yes     yes     yes     
strProperty2                          yes     yes     yes     
strProperty3                          yes     yes     yes     
strProperty4                          yes     yes     yes     
strProperty5                          yes     yes     yes     
secProperty1                          yes     yes     yes     
secProperty2                          yes     yes     yes     
secProperty3                          yes     yes     yes     
secProperty4                          yes     yes     yes     
secProperty5                          yes     yes     yes     
ipaddrProperty1                       yes     yes     yes     
ipaddrProperty2                       yes     yes     yes     
ipaddrProperty3                       yes     yes     yes     
ipaddrProperty4                       yes     yes     yes     
ipaddrProperty5                       yes     yes     yes     
ipaddrProperty6                       yes     yes     yes     
ipaddrProperty7                       yes     yes     yes     
ipaddrProperty8                       yes     yes     yes     
ipaddrProperty9                       yes     yes     yes     
ipaddrProperty10                      yes     yes     yes     
ipaddrProperty11                      yes     yes     yes     
ipaddrProperty12                      yes     yes     yes     
ipaddrProperty13                      yes     yes     yes     
ipaddrProperty14                      yes     yes     yes     
vlanProperty1                         yes     yes     yes     
vlanProperty2                         yes     yes     yes     
vlanProperty3                         yes     yes     yes     
vlanProperty4                         yes     yes     yes     
vlanProperty5                         yes     yes     yes     
herIpAddress                          yes     yes     yes     
backupHerIpAddress                    yes     yes     yes     
herPsk                                yes     yes     yes     
backupHerPsk                          yes     yes     yes     
isBackupHer                           yes     yes     yes     
enableTunnelOverEthernet              yes     yes     yes     
enableTunnelOverCell1                 yes     yes     yes     
enableTunnelOverCell2                 yes     yes     yes     
enableTunnelOverWGB                   yes     yes     yes     
pkiEnrollmentURL                      yes     yes     yes     
flexVPNlocalIdFQDN                    yes     yes     yes     
flexVPNremoteIdFQDN                   yes     yes     yes     
flexVPNloopbackLocalIP                yes     yes     yes     
flexVPNcert                           yes     yes     yes     
logAllVariables                       yes     yes     yes     
enable_SiemensS7                      yes     yes     yes     
enable_SiemensCNC                     yes     yes     yes     
enable_Netbios                        yes     yes     yes     
enable_Samba                          yes     yes     yes     
enable_Modbus                         yes     yes     yes     
enable_OPCUA                          yes     yes     yes     
enable_EthernetIP                     yes     yes     yes     
enable_Fanuc                          yes     yes     yes     
enable_FTP                            yes     yes     yes     
enable_dot1x                          yes     yes     yes     
enable_spantree                       yes     yes     yes     
assetID                               yes     yes     yes     
stagingID                             yes     yes     yes     
label                                 yes     yes     yes     
tunnelIP                              yes     yes     yes     
isPortForwarding                      yes     yes     yes     
portForwarding                        yes     yes     yes     
description                           yes     yes     yes     
protocol                              yes     yes     yes     
privateIP                             yes     yes     yes     
localPort                             yes     yes     yes     
publicIP                              yes     yes     yes     
publicPort                            yes     yes     yes     
staticRoute                           yes     yes     yes     
nextInterface                         yes     yes     yes     
destNetwork                           yes     yes     yes     
destNetMask                           yes     yes     yes     
isQos                                 yes     yes     yes     
qosBandwidth                          yes     yes     yes     
qos                                   yes     yes     yes     
qosType                               yes     yes     yes     
qosPriority                           yes     yes     yes     
firewallIp                            yes     yes     yes     
fwSrcIp                               yes     yes     yes     
fwSrcMask                             yes     yes     yes     
fwType                                yes     yes     yes     
fwProtocol                            yes     yes     yes     
fwPort                                yes     yes     yes     
isNetflow                             yes     yes     yes     
netflowCollectorIP                    yes     yes     yes     
pnpResetTime                          yes     yes     yes     
isPnPReset                            yes     yes     yes     
isRouterReload                        yes     yes     yes     
primaryRecoverySLAIP                  yes     yes     yes     
secondaryRecoverySLAIP                yes     yes     yes     
isAutoRecovery                        yes     yes     yes     
devicemanagement_autorecovery         yes     yes     yes     
wanUplink1InterfaceNew                yes     yes     no      
wanUplink1DescriptionNew              yes     yes     no      
wanUplink1SLANew                      yes     yes     no      
wan1APNNew                            yes     yes     no      
simSelectionText                      yes     yes     no      
simSelection                          yes     yes     no      
nonCiscoApnMessage                    yes     yes     no      
ciscoApnStep2                         yes     yes     no      
carrier                               yes     yes     no      
ciscoApnStep3                         yes     yes     no      
ccApn                                 yes     yes     no      
wanUplink2InterfaceNew                yes     yes     no      
wanUplink2DescriptionNew              yes     yes     no      
wanUplink2SLANew                      yes     yes     no      
wan2APNNew                            yes     yes     no      
wanUplink3InterfaceNew                yes     yes     no      
wanUplink3DescriptionNew              yes     yes     no      
wanUplink3SLANew                      yes     yes     no      
wan3APNNew                            yes     yes     no      
wanUplink4Interface                   yes     yes     no      
wanUplink4Description                 yes     yes     no      
wanUplink4SLA                         yes     yes     no      
wan4APN                               yes     yes     no      
isUmbrella                            yes     yes     no      
umbrellaToken                         yes     yes     no      
umbrellaDnsBypassList                 yes     yes     no      
umbrellaDnsBypassDomain               yes     yes     no      
dhcpIPAddress                         yes     yes     no      
dhcpNetmask                           yes     yes     no      
dhcpLeaseTime                         yes     yes     no      
dhcpReservedIpRange                   yes     yes     no      
dhcpFirstReservedIp                   yes     yes     no      
dhcpLastReservedIp                    yes     yes     no      
dhcpIpHelperAddresses                 yes     yes     no      
dhcpHelperIP                          yes     yes     no      
enableDHCP                            yes     yes     no      
dnsIPAddress1                         yes     yes     no      
dnsIPAddress2                         yes     yes     no      
deviceResetTimer                      yes     yes     no      
isDeviceResetEnable                   yes     yes     no      
fastEthernet0                         yes     no      yes     
fastEthernet1                         yes     no      yes     
fastEthernet2                         yes     no      yes     
fastEthernet3                         yes     no      yes     
fastEthernet4                         yes     no      yes     
lanNetwork                            yes     no      yes     
lanWildcard                           yes     no      yes     
lanIPAddress                          yes     no      yes     
lanDNSIPAddress1                      yes     no      yes     
lanDNSIPAddress2                      yes     no      yes     
lanNetmask                            yes     no      yes     
lanIPAddressDHCPexcludeRangeStart     yes     no      yes     
lanIPAddressDHCPexcludeRangeEnd       yes     no      yes     
isEthernetEnable                      yes     no      yes     
isFirstCell                           yes     no      yes     
isSecondCell                          yes     no      yes     
isGpsEnabled                          yes     no      yes     
isWgbEnable                           yes     no      yes     
apn1                                  yes     no      yes     
apn2                                  yes     no      yes     
ethernetPriority                      yes     no      yes     
firstCellularIntPriority              yes     no      yes     
secondCellularIntPriority             yes     no      yes     
wgbPriority                           yes     no      yes     
IcmpReachableIPaddress1               yes     no      yes     
IcmpReachableIPaddress2               yes     no      yes     
IcmpReachableIPaddress3               yes     no      yes     
IcmpReachableIPaddress4               yes     no      yes     
enable_ipsla_test                     yes     no      yes     
dhcpHelperAddress                     yes     no      yes     
isVirtualNetworks                     yes     no      yes     
VirtualNetworks                       yes     no      yes     
vnName                                yes     no      yes     
vnTunnelLocalIP                       yes     no      yes     
vnNHRPip                              yes     no      yes     
vnNHRPnbmaIP                          yes     no      yes     
isSnmp                                yes     no      yes     
snmpVersion                           yes     no      yes     
snmpHost                              yes     no      yes     
communityString                       yes     no      yes     
snmpCommunity                         yes     no      yes     
snmpType                              yes     no      yes     
snmpV3User                            yes     no      yes     
snmpV3Pass                            yes     no      yes     
recoveryTimer                         yes     no      yes     
isRecoveryEnable                      yes     no      yes     
ntpIP                                 yes     no      yes     
clockTZ                               yes     no      yes     
clockDST                              yes     no      yes     
localDomainName                       yes     no      yes     
localHostName                         yes     no      yes     
intGigEthernet1                       no      yes     no      
gigEthernet1Description               no      yes     no      
intGigEthernet2                       no      yes     no      
gigEthernet2Description               no      yes     no      
intGigEthernet3                       no      yes     no      
gigEthernet3Description               no      yes     no      
intGigEthernet4                       no      yes     no      
gigEthernet4Description               no      yes     no      
intGigEthernet5                       no      yes     no      
gigEthernet5Description               no      yes     no      
ignitionSenseThresholdVolts           no      yes     no      
ignitionSenseThresholdMillivolts      no      yes     no      
ignitionOffTimerSeconds               no      yes     no      
isIgnitionSense                       no      yes     no      
isDeadReckoning                       no      yes     no      
canbusBaudrateBPS                     no      yes     no      
Users                                 no      yes     no      
userName                              no      yes     no      
userPassword                          no      yes     no      
userPriv                              no      yes     no      
isWifi                                no      yes     no      
wifi                                  no      yes     no      
wifiDeploymentMode                    no      yes     no      
configurationLevel                    no      yes     no      
wgbSSID1800                           no      yes     no      
wgbPSK1800                            no      yes     no      
primaryControllerIP                   no      yes     no      
secondaryControllerIP                 no      yes     no      
wifi_wifiuplinksettings               no      yes     no      
wifiUplink                            no      yes     no      
wifiUplinkRadioFrequency              no      yes     no      
wifiUplinkWgbSubModeConfig            no      yes     no      
wgbUplinkSsidName                     no      yes     no      
wgbUplinkAuthType                     no      yes     no      
wgbUplinkPsk                          no      yes     no      
wgbUplinkQos                          no      yes     no      
wifi_wifihotspotsettings              no      yes     no      
wifiHotspot                           no      yes     no      
wifiHotspotRadioFrequency             no      yes     no      
wifi_ssidprofilesforwifihotspot       no      yes     no      
ssidProfilesForWifiHotspot            no      yes     no      
wgbHotspotSsidName                    no      yes     no      
wgbHotspotAuthType                    no      yes     no      
wgbHotspotPsk                         no      yes     no      
wgbHotspotQos                         no      yes     no      
ntpOrLocal                            no      yes     no      
ntpPrimaryIP                          no      yes     no      
ntpSecondaryIP                        no      yes     no      
wanUplink1InterfaceDLTE               no      yes     no      
wanUplink1DescriptionDLTE             no      yes     no      
wanUplink1SLADLTE                     no      yes     no      
wan1APNDLTE                           no      yes     no      
wan1SIMPinDLTE                        no      yes     no      
wan1APNUsernameDLTE                   no      yes     no      
wan1APNPasswordDLTE                   no      yes     no      
wan1SecondSimEnabledDLTE              no      yes     no      
wan1SecondSIMPinDLTE                  no      yes     no      
wan1SecondAPNUsernameDLTE             no      yes     no      
wan1SecondAPNPasswordDLTE             no      yes     no      
wan1SecondAPNDLTE                     no      yes     no      
wan1JitterDLTE                        no      yes     no      
wan1RTTDLTE                           no      yes     no      
wan1TimeDLTE                          no      yes     no      
wanUplink2InterfaceDLTE               no      yes     no      
wanUplink2DescriptionDLTE             no      yes     no      
wanUplink2SLADLTE                     no      yes     no      
wan2APNDLTE                           no      yes     no      
wan2SIMPinDLTE                        no      yes     no      
wan2APNUsernameDLTE                   no      yes     no      
wan2APNPasswordDLTE                   no      yes     no      
wan2SecondSimEnabledDLTE              no      yes     no      
wan2SecondSIMPinDLTE                  no      yes     no      
wan2SecondAPNUsernameDLTE             no      yes     no      
wan2SecondAPNPasswordDLTE             no      yes     no      
wan2SecondAPNDLTE                     no      yes     no      
wan2JitterDLTE                        no      yes     no      
wan2RTTDLTE                           no      yes     no      
wan2TimeDLTE                          no      yes     no      
wanUplink3InterfaceDLTE               no      yes     no      
wanUplink3DescriptionDLTE             no      yes     no      
wanUplink3SLADLTE                     no      yes     no      
wan3APNDLTE                           no      yes     no      
wan3SIMPinDLTE                        no      yes     no      
wan3APNUsernameDLTE                   no      yes     no      
wan3APNPasswordDLTE                   no      yes     no      
wan3SecondSimEnabledDLTE              no      yes     no      
wan3SecondSIMPinDLTE                  no      yes     no      
wan3SecondAPNUsernameDLTE             no      yes     no      
wan3SecondAPNPasswordDLTE             no      yes     no      
wan3SecondAPNDLTE                     no      yes     no      
wan3JitterDLTE                        no      yes     no      
wan3RTTDLTE                           no      yes     no      
wan3TimeDLTE                          no      yes     no      
wanUplink4InterfaceDLTE               no      yes     no      
wanUplink4DescriptionDLTE             no      yes     no      
wanUplink4SLADLTE                     no      yes     no      
wan4APNDLTE                           no      yes     no      
wan4SIMPinDLTE                        no      yes     no      
wan4APNUsernameDLTE                   no      yes     no      
wan4APNPasswordDLTE                   no      yes     no      
wan4SecondSimEnabledDLTE              no      yes     no      
wan4SecondSIMPinDLTE                  no      yes     no      
wan4SecondAPNUsernameDLTE             no      yes     no      
wan4SecondAPNPasswordDLTE             no      yes     no      
wan4SecondAPNDLTE                     no      yes     no      
wan4JitterDLTE                        no      yes     no      
wan4RTTDLTE                           no      yes     no      
wan4TimeDLTE                          no      yes     no      
wanUplink1InterfaceWGB                no      yes     no      
wanUplink1DescriptionWGB              no      yes     no      
wanUplink1SLAWGB                      no      yes     no      
wan1APNWGB                            no      yes     no      
wanUplink2InterfaceWGB                no      yes     no      
wanUplink2DescriptionWGB              no      yes     no      
wanUplink2SLAWGB                      no      yes     no      
wan2APNWGB                            no      yes     no      
wanUplink3InterfaceWGB                no      yes     no      
wanUplink3DescriptionWGB              no      yes     no      
wanUplink3SLAWGB                      no      yes     no      
wan3APNWGB                            no      yes     no      
wanUplink4InterfaceWGB                no      yes     no      
wanUplink4DescriptionWGB              no      yes     no      
wanUplink4SLAWGB                      no      yes     no      
wan4APNWGB                            no      yes     no      
gigEthernet1                          no      no      yes     
gigEthernet2                          no      no      yes     
gigEthernet3                          no      no      yes     
gigEthernet4                          no      no      yes     
successRedirectURL                    no      no      yes     
splashPageBanner                      no      no      yes     
wgbSSID                               no      no      yes     
wgbPSK                                no      no      yes     
wgbSsid2                              no      no      yes     
wgbPsk2                               no      no      yes     
wifiSsid2                             no      no      yes     
wifiPsk2                              no      no      yes     
isWifiHotspot                         no      no      yes     
isWGB                                 no      no      yes     
wifi2_wifi                            no      no      yes     
wifiOperationalMode                   no      no      yes     
ignition                              no      no      yes     
dnsIP                                 no      no      yes     
wanUplink1Interface                   yes     no      no      
wanUplink1Description                 yes     no      no      
wanUplink1SLA                         yes     no      no      
wan1APN                               yes     no      no      
wanUplink2Interface                   yes     no      no      
wanUplink2Description                 yes     no      no      
wanUplink2SLA                         yes     no      no      
wan2APN                               yes     no      no      
wanUplink3Interface                   yes     no      no      
wanUplink3Description                 yes     no      no      
wanUplink3SLA                         yes     no      no      
wan3APN                               yes     no      no      
dhcpExcludeRangeStart                 yes     no      no      
dhcpExcludeRangeEnd                   yes     no      no      
intFastEthernet1                      yes     no      no      
fastEthernet1Description              yes     no      no      
intFastEthernet2                      yes     no      no      
fastEthernet2Description              yes     no      no      
intFastEthernet3                      yes     no      no      
fastEthernet3Description              yes     no      no      
intFastEthernet4                      yes     no      no      
fastEthernet4Description              yes     no      no      
topModule1101                         yes     no      no      
bottomModule1101                      yes     no      no      
isBaseSerial1                         yes     no      no      
baseSerialAdvancedSettings            yes     no      no      
baseSerial1Parity                     yes     no      no      
baseSerial1Speed                      yes     no      no      
baseSerial1Stop                       yes     no      no      
baseSerial1Data                       yes     no      no      
baseAsync1Encap                       yes     no      no      
baseAsync1RelayMode                   yes     no      no      
baseAsync1DestIP                      yes     no      no      
baseAsync1DestPort                    yes     no      no      
baseAsync1LocalIP                     yes     no      no      
baseAsync1LocalPort                   yes     no      no      
baseAsync1TCPTimeout                  yes     no      no      
baseAsync1PacketTimer                 yes     no      no      
baseAsync1PacketMax                   yes     no      no      
baseAsync1SpecialCharacter            yes     no      no      
baseAsync1PacketLength                yes     no      no      
isTopExpModSerial1                    yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial1AdvancedSettings      yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial1Parity                yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial1Speed                 yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial1Stop                  yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial1Data                  yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync1Encap                  yes     no      no      
topExpModuleSerial1RelayMode          yes     no      no      
topExpModuleSerial1Media              yes     no      no      
topExpModuleSerial1Duplex             yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync1DestIP                 yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync1DestPort               yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync1LocalIP                yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync1LocalPort              yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync1TCPTimeout             yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync1PacketTimer            yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync1PacketMax              yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync1SpecialCharacter       yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync1PacketLength           yes     no      no      
isTopExpModSerial2                    yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial2AdvancedSettings      yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial2Parity                yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial2Speed                 yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial2Stop                  yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial2Data                  yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync2Encap                  yes     no      no      
topExpModuleSerial2RelayMode          yes     no      no      
topExpModuleSerial2Media              yes     no      no      
topExpModuleSerial2Duplex             yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync2DestIP                 yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync2DestPort               yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync2LocalIP                yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync2LocalPort              yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync2TCPTimeout             yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync2PacketTimer            yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync2PacketMax              yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync2SpecialCharacter       yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync2PacketLength           yes     no      no      
isTopExpModSerial3                    yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial3AdvancedSettings      yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial3Parity                yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial3Speed                 yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial3Stop                  yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial3Data                  yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync3Encap                  yes     no      no      
topExpModuleSerial3RelayMode          yes     no      no      
topExpModuleSerial3Media              yes     no      no      
topExpModuleSerial3Duplex             yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync3DestIP                 yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync3DestPort               yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync3LocalIP                yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync3LocalPort              yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync3TCPTimeout             yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync3PacketTimer            yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync3PacketMax              yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync3SpecialCharacter       yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync3PacketLength           yes     no      no      
isTopExpModSerial4                    yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial4AdvancedSettings      yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial4Parity                yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial4Speed                 yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial4Stop                  yes     no      no      
topExpModSerial4Data                  yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync4Encap                  yes     no      no      
topExpModuleSerial4RelayMode          yes     no      no      
topExpModuleSerial4Media              yes     no      no      
topExpModuleSerial4Duplex             yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync4DestIP                 yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync4DestPort               yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync4LocalIP                yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync4LocalPort              yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync4TCPTimeout             yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync4PacketTimer            yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync4PacketMax              yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync4SpecialCharacter       yes     no      no      
topExpModAsync4PacketLength           yes     no      no      
isBottomExpModSerial1                 yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial1AdvancedSettings   yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial1Parity             yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial1Speed              yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial1Stop               yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial1Data               yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync1Encap               yes     no      no      
bottomExpModuleSerial1RelayMode       yes     no      no      
bottomExpModuleSerial1Media           yes     no      no      
bottomExpModuleSerial1Duplex          yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync1DestIP              yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync1DestPort            yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync1LocalIP             yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync1LocalPort           yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync1TCPTimeout          yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync1PacketTimer         yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync1PacketMax           yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync1SpecialCharacter    yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync1PacketLength        yes     no      no      
isBottomExpModSerial2                 yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial2AdvancedSettings   yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial2Parity             yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial2Speed              yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial2Stop               yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial2Data               yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync2Encap               yes     no      no      
bottomExpModuleSerial2RelayMode       yes     no      no      
bottomExpModuleSerial2Media           yes     no      no      
bottomExpModuleSerial2Duplex          yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync2DestIP              yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync2DestPort            yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync2LocalIP             yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync2LocalPort           yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync2TCPTimeout          yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync2PacketTimer         yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync2PacketMax           yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync2SpecialCharacter    yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync2PacketLength        yes     no      no      
isBottomExpModSerial3                 yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial3AdvancedSettings   yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial3Parity             yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial3Speed              yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial3Stop               yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial3Data               yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync3Encap               yes     no      no      
bottomExpModuleSerial3RelayMode       yes     no      no      
bottomExpModuleSerial3Media           yes     no      no      
bottomExpModuleSerial3Duplex          yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync3DestIP              yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync3DestPort            yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync3LocalIP             yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync3LocalPort           yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync3TCPTimeout          yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync3PacketTimer         yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync3PacketMax           yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync3SpecialCharacter    yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync3PacketLength        yes     no      no      
isBottomExpModSerial4                 yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial4AdvancedSettings   yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial4Parity             yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial4Speed              yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial4Stop               yes     no      no      
bottomExpModSerial4Data               yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync4Encap               yes     no      no      
bottomExpModuleSerial4RelayMode       yes     no      no      
bottomExpModuleSerial4Media           yes     no      no      
bottomExpModuleSerial4Duplex          yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync4DestIP              yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync4DestPort            yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync4LocalIP             yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync4LocalPort           yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync4TCPTimeout          yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync4PacketTimer         yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync4PacketMax           yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync4SpecialCharacter    yes     no      no      
bottomExpModAsync4PacketLength        yes     no      no      
isGPIO1                               yes     no      no      
gpio1Output                           yes     no      no      
gpio1Status                           yes     no      no      
gpio1Termination                      yes     no      no      
gpio1Description                      yes     no      no      
gpio1Severity                         yes     no      no      
gpio1Threshold                        yes     no      no      
gpio1Trigger                          yes     no      no      
isGPIO2                               yes     no      no      
gpio2Output                           yes     no      no      
gpio2Status                           yes     no      no      
gpio2Termination                      yes     no      no      
gpio2Description                      yes     no      no      
gpio2Severity                         yes     no      no      
gpio2Threshold                        yes     no      no      
gpio2Trigger                          yes     no      no      
isGPIO3                               yes     no      no      
gpio3Output                           yes     no      no      
gpio3Status                           yes     no      no      
gpio3Termination                      yes     no      no      
gpio3Description                      yes     no      no      
gpio3Severity                         yes     no      no      
gpio3Threshold                        yes     no      no      
gpio3Trigger                          yes     no      no      
isGPIO4                               yes     no      no      
gpio4Output                           yes     no      no      
gpio4Status                           yes     no      no      
gpio4Termination                      yes     no      no      
gpio4Description                      yes     no      no      
gpio4Severity                         yes     no      no      
gpio4Threshold                        yes     no      no      
gpio4Trigger                          yes     no      no      
intGigEth5                            yes     no      no      
gigEth5Description                    yes     no      no      
intGigEth6                            yes     no      no      
gigEth6Description                    yes     no      no      
isCCV                                 yes     no      no      
services_ciscocybervision             yes     no      no      
